en: add tidbmonitor remote write (#1473)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/aggregate-multiple-cluster-monitor-data.md

       In the command above, `${thanos_namespace}` is the namespace where the Thanos Query component is deployed.

In Thanos Query, a Prometheus instance corresponds to a store and also corresponds to a TidbMonitor. After deploying Thanos Query, you can provide a uniform query interface for monitoring data through Thanos Query's API.

> ### Access the Thanos Query Panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Access the Thanos Query panel
```

        enable: true
      part_size: 41943040
```

## RemoteWrite mode

> Apart from aggregating data via Thanos Query, you can also push monitoring data to Thanos using Prometheus' RemoteWrite feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides aggregating data via Thanos Query, you can also push monitoring data to Thanos using Prometheus' RemoteWrite feature.
```

Reviewer: Apart from can mean either 'including' or 'excluding' ，需要去判断

Author: Got it. Thanks!
